choreː update kb0017.md (#1297)
keymanapp/help.keyman.com: knowledge-base/kb0017.md

# Incorrect characters appearing in MS Office applications

If you receive incorrect output when typing in an MS Office application, try copying and pasting the desired characters from Notepad. If the same incorrect characters appear in MS Office, you will need to modify the MS Office Language Settings.

On the Start Menu, under Microsoft Office Tools, open the Microsoft Office Language Settings. Languages can be added and removed from the MS Office system here -- which one will correct the issue you are experiencing may depend on the keyboard, font, and version of MS Office you are using.

> For example, when using the SIL IPA Unicode keyboard it is necessary that the Chinese (Simplifed) language settings are installed for some characters to appear correctly in MS Office XP.

Reviewer: If we're updating some of the old knowledge base articles, then we can also remove older versions of Windows no longer supported

```suggestion
For example, when using the [SIL IPA keyboard](https://keyman.com/keyboards/sil_ipa) it is necessary that the Chinese (Simplified) language settings are installed for some characters to appear correctly in MS Office.
```
